Class project idea:
Yu-Gi-Oh! utilitary sites

My idea that I have for the class project is to make a multi use website based around the Yu-Gi-Oh! trading card game where players can chech on upcoming products from Konami.
Also the there will be a card database for players to check what cards were from which sets and for upcoming sets for this project I will implete a few of first sets to begin.
Then I will have a forums page for players to ask questions they have regarding the game. ALso there will be an articles page for players that may want to write something like
a strategy article or tournament overview. Last there will be a page that displays the current banlist with a dropdown menu to select previous formats banlists.

pg 1: Home page
pg 2: Card database
pg 3: Forums
pg 4: Articles
pg 5: Banlist(multiple formats)

It must use bootstrap:
I can implement the use of bootstrap for the formation of the various webpages and to adjust for different sized screens

It must consist of at least five HTML pages:
The five pages I have currently thought of making is a Home page, Card database, Forums, Articles, and page for the current banlist with an option to allow the user to select a banlist for a older format

The landing page (index.html) must have a top navbar, a jumbotron with a background image, featured content, a footer:
The home page will contain a jumbotron with a background image of the next to release booster set and a feastured content on the left side to show articles/forums that have had a lot of recent activity. Then every page will contain the a top navigation bar and a footer with copyright information

All pages must be responsive mobile-first with support for small, medium, and large devices (use bootstrap sm, md, and lg breakpoints): 
This will be easy to implement with the use of bootstrap to change the webpage according to the size of the display width pixel count

It must use the following JavaScript features: functions, objects, arrays, events:
The card database and banlist webpages will require functions to display card information and arrays to display the cards in an neat organized form

It must use multimedia (images or videos): 
The webpages that I will make has to use images for the card artwork and can possibly implement videos for current top decks in the game for the latest format

Paragraphs:
My idea that I have for the class project is to make a multi-use website based around the Yu-Gi-Oh! trading card game where players
can check on upcoming products from Konami. Also, there will be a card database for players to check what cards were from which sets
and for upcoming sets for this project I will implement a few of the first sets, to begin with. Then I will have a forums page for
players to ask questions they have regarding the game. Also, there will be an articles page for players that may want to write
something like a strategy article or tournament overview. Last, there will be a page that displays the current banlist with a dropdown
menu to select previous formats banlists.

I can implement the use of bootstrap for the formation of various web pages and to adjust for different-sized screens. Next, the five
pages I have currently thought of making are a Home page, Card database, Forums, Articles, and a page for the current banlist with an
option to allow the user to select a banlist for an older format. The home page will contain a jumbotron with a background image of
the next-to-release booster set and featured content on the left side to show articles/forums that have had a lot of recent activity.
Then every page will contain a top navigation bar and a footer with copyright information. It should be easy to implement with the use
of bootstrap to change the webpage according to the size of the display width pixel count. For the card database and banlist web pages,
they will require the use of functions to display card information and arrays to display the cards in a neatly organized form. Lastly,
the web pages that I will make have to use images for the card artwork and can possibly implement videos for current top decks in the
game for the latest format.
